Cybersecurity is an act of high-impact field.
It's not enough to just know about cybersecurity,
you must be able to apply your knowledge to real-world situations.
The application of cybersecurity principles starts with identifying assets,
which users, machine, software,
and networks belong to your organization.
Once you know the assets you must protect,
the next step is to analyze their vulnerabilities.
The cyber world can be dangerous,
you need to identify where an attack might arise and how.
Armed with this information,
you can recommend how to secure and protect your organization's assets.
Lastly, communication is an all important final step.
Recommendations will only help if decision makers adopt them.
Your job is to provide a convincing argument for keeping your organization safe.